Key aspects of this structure:
Frontend Organization:
components/: Reusable UI components
pages/: Main page components
layouts/: Page layout templates
hooks/: Custom React hooks
context/: React context providers
services/: API integration and other services
styles/: Global styles and variables
Asset Management:
public/assets/: Static assets like images and icons
Organized subfolders for different types of media
CMS Integration:
cms/: Backend CMS structure
Separate models, controllers, and routes
Configuration:
config/: Environment-specific configurations
To get started, you would need to:
    1. Set up the backend CMS according to the structure in the cms/ folder.
    2. Configure the frontend to connect with the backend using the appropriate services and API endpoints.
    3. Adjust the routing and navigation to match the structure of your CMS.
    4. Implement the necessary hooks and context providers to manage global state and data fetching.
    5. Style the application using the provided CSS variables and styles.
    6. Open terminal and run the following commands:
        - npm install (to install dependencies)
        - npm run dev (to start development server)
        - npm run build (to create production build)
        - npm start (to run production server)





Installing packages. This might take a couple of minutes.
Installing react, react-dom, and react-scripts with cra-template...


added 1314 packages in 48s

259 packages are looking for funding
  run `npm fund` for details

Initialized a git repository.

Installing template dependencies using npm...

added 46 packages, and changed 1 package in 7s

263 packages are looking for funding
  run `npm fund` for details
Removing template package using npm...


removed 1 package, and audited 1360 packages in 3s

263 packages are looking for funding
  run `npm fund` for details

8 vulnerabilities (2 moderate, 6 high)

To address all issues (including breaking changes), run:
  npm audit fix --force

Run `npm audit` for details.

Created git commit.

Success! Created website-project at C:\Fra_Asus_til_MSI\VS-Code\website-project\website-project
Inside that directory, you can run several commands:

  npm start
    Starts the development server.

  npm run build
    Bundles the app into static files for production.

  npm test
    Starts the test runner.

  npm run eject
    Removes this tool and copies build dependencies, configuration files
    and scripts into the app directory. If you do this, you can’t go back!       

We suggest that you begin by typing:

  cd website-project
  npm start

Happy hacking!


Would you like me to show you how to update your existing components to use these global styles?


Create remaining main pages:
About.jsx
Work.jsx (Portfolio)
Blog.jsx
Contact.jsx
FAQ.jsx
Add Interactive Features:
Contact form with validation
Service request forms
Blog post system
Portfolio gallery


Key features of this implementation:
Initially shows only the service title
On hover:
Card slightly lifts up
Background color changes
Reveals subtitle and description
Shows a "Learn More" link
Smooth transitions for all hover effects
Centered content both before and after hover
5. Responsive grid layout
The hover effect works by:
Having two layers: InitialContent and HoverContent
InitialContent shows the title
HoverContent contains the detailed information
Using opacity and transform for smooth transitions
Would you like me to:
Adjust the animation timing?
Modify the hover effect style?
Change the layout or spacing?
Add different hover animations?



The development workflow is:
Make changes to files
Test with npm start
Repeat steps 1-2 until you're happy with the results
Create production build with npm run build
Serve production build with serve -s build
Would you like to test the changes in development mode first?